==== Blink(1) and Build light Build Indicator for Go.cd Projects

blink(1) is one of the best indicator lights that you can purchase nowadays. If you want to track your CI/CDP pipeline and you have a rotating build champion for the team, this script helps you to monitor your builds.

To get more info about blink(1), please visit their official [site](http://blink1.thingm.com/).

=== Installation

=== Operating Systems
* OSX
* Linux
* Windows 

=== CI Servers
Any server that supports the {cctray}[http://confluence.public.thoughtworks.org/display/CI/Multiple+Project+Summary+Reporting+Standard]  xml format, including among others:

* Go - watch https://go-server:8154/go/cctray.xml
* Jenkins/Hudson - watch http://jenkins-server:8080/cc.xml
* travis - watch https://api.travis-ci.org/repositories/owner/project/cc.xml
* tddium - watch 'Configure with CCMenu' (something like https://api.tddium.com/cc/long_uuid_string/cctray.xml)

== How Do I install go.cd-blinky?

=== OSX and Linux
    
Install lib-usb-1.0 with your favourite package manager, and then install the blinky gem
    
For example, on OSX:
    
    brew install libusb
  
on Debian or Ubuntu:

    apt-get install libusb-1.0-0-dev

and so on
    
=== Windows
     
Windows can be a bit fiddly. The following is how I got a Delcomm II light to work on a Windows 7 laptop.
Further experience reports/better instructions would be gratefully received.

* installed Zadig (http://github.com/pbatard/libwdi/wiki#wiki-Downloads)
* plugged in the USB light
  * at this point windows 'helpfully' installed an incorrect 'USB Input device' driver
* opened Zadig and selected 'Options -> List All Devices'
* Selected 'USB Input Device' in the Zadig drop-down
* Clicked on 'Replace Driver' and confirmed in the popup dialog
* installed the blinky gem
                          
If you are using rb-env, it's super simple. Just run:

    bundle install

And you are good to go. Otherwise, go install each gem in `Gemfile` one by one.

==== Usage

Change the chica.rb file if you want to filter out projects you want to see failing. And run;
    
    chicanery chica.rb

It'll light red if any of the given build ids fail, amber for errors on any build and for the rest it's green.

It will periodically(every 5 seconds) run it.
